The editor is loaded upon running the application.
There are Scene Browser, Content Browser and a Control Panel.
In the middle, we have Scene Loader. 
We have a Debug Window as well as a Entity Management tab.

For the Scene Browser tab, it will display all the json file that is in ../Assets/Scenes. It will update itself frequently so that it can detect new files. User can click on the json file that is shown on the Scene Brower and it will load the scene accordingly. There's also a Save Scene button and Create Scene button. User can create their own scene by clicking on the Create Scene button and save it by clicking on the Save Scene button. The Saved Scene will be stored in ../Assets/Scenes.

For the Content Browser, it shows all the files and folders that are in ../Assets. User will have to click on the Refresh Assets button to view the contents in ../Assets. User can click on any of the files and it will reflect on the Entity Management Tab under the Object Data File. User can also drag and drop the files they want from the Content Browser into the SpriteRender(Texture path) and Script (Script Path). If the user happen to drag and drop a wrong file type into the path, a pop-out will appear to prevent it from happening. The user can add an asset by typing in the asset path (Example asset path: C:\Users\user1\OneDrive\Desktop\testImage.png) and clicking on the add asset button. The user can remove an asset by clicking on the remove asset button.

The Control Panel contains a FPS tracker and Play/Stop buttons. The FPS tracker keep track of the application FPS. Play Button will start the gameplay simulation and Stop button will reset the game to the starting state.

The Scene Loader is where we render everything on.

For the Sprite Editor, first select the gameobject you wish to add animation, then Add the animation component to it. Once you have the component, select a texture from the content browser. In the sprite editor table, if there's already a metadata of the spritesheet then you only need to press add clip to GO (the GO is the current selected object). You will then see the updated clips inside the list.

The Debug Window display the time taken for Collision, Physics, Graphics and Logic.

The Entity Management window is where user can find all the Current GameObjects, Create Entity, Add/Remove components. There are 2 methods of interacting with the Entity Management.
Firstly, click on the Entity that you want to edit in the Scene Loader, the editor will then display what entity you have clicked. Afterwards, you can click on the different components that you want to edit. User can also press "delete" button to delete it.
The Second method is to directly interact with the Entity Management Window and pick the GameObject that needs to be edited.
After editing, user have the options to choose if they wish to Save it. There are also options to rename the Entity Name and Tag. User can also choose to use between sliders or manually typing using the Use Sliders checker box.